insert
2694
A data entry mode. An example would be new data typed on the keyboard to be inserted at the current cursor location on screen.
drag-and-drop
2689
In computer graphical user interfaces, drag-and-drop is the action of (or support for the action of) selecting a virtual object by "grabbing" it and dragging it to a different location or onto another…
qt4
2684
a specific series of releases of the Qt application library.  See the Qt tag for more information.
rspec
2677
a Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers.
ssh
2666
Secure Shell - a network protocol for exchanging data throughout secure channel with most common uses of remote command execution (remote shell/console) and file transfer.
mono
2650
an open source implementation of .NET that runs on many platforms, including Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows.  This allows running .NET applications on platforms other than Windows with little to…
listbox
2641
A graphical user interface element that allows the user to select one or more items from a list.
android-widget
2640
UI elements to use on an Android Application screen.
webkit
2603
an open source web browser engine that powers Google Chrome, Apple Safari, and several mobile browsers including the pre-installed browsers for Android, iOS, RIM Blackberry, Symbian and WebO…
lucene
2587
The term Lucene refers to the Java fulltext search engine library, but also to the entire eco-system that grew around it, including lucene.net, solr and zend-search-lucene.
callback
2585
a reference to a method that is passed as an argument to another method. This could for example be used to enable a third-party library method to call a custom method upon completition o…
asp.net-ajax
2584
A set of extensions to ASP.NET developed by Microsoft for implementing Ajax functionality.
merge
2583
Merging (also called integration) in revision control, is a fundamental operation that reconciles multiple changes made to a revision-controlled collection of files.

Merging multiple data sets is a…
active-directory
2580
a directory service created by Microsoft. It stores all information and settings for a deployment in a central database. AD allows administrators to assign policies, deploy an…
linq-to-entities
2573
for questions about LINQ to Entities, which means LINQ queries using the ADO.NET Entity Framework. Note that this is different than LINQ to SQL or other LINQ providers.
3d
2548
graphics that use a three-dimensional representation of geometric data stored in the computer for the purposes of performing calculations and rendering 2D images.
matrix
2540
a rectangular array of data.
bitmap
2534
a type of memory organization or image file format used to store digital images.
webview
2533
A View that displays web pages.
functional-programming
2531
a programming paradigm which primarily uses functions as means for building abstractions and expressing computations that comprise a computer program.
error-message
2522
information displayed when an unexpected condition occurs, usually on a computer or other device or a programming language
windows-mobile
2514
a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft that was used in smartphones and mobile devices, but is being currently phased out to specialized markets. It is superseded by Window…
dropdownlist
2513
A user interface control, similar to a list box, which allows the user to choose one value from a list.
tags
2490
a marker that represents a specific description in a markup language that is enclosed in angle brackets.
stream
2485
a series of data elements (characters, bytes or complex packets) which can be accessed or made accessible in a serial fashion. Random access is not possible.
keyboard
2483
about the interacting with the keyboard: reading input from it, blinking the lights, programming it to explode, etc.
xna
2473
a cross-platform framework from Microsoft that facilitates game development with .NET. Supports: Windows, Xbox 360, Windows Phone, Zune, Silverlight (via SilverSprite) and iPhone/iPad (via XNA …
garbage-collection
2463
a form of automatic memory management. It is a special case of resource management, in which the limited resource being managed is memory. The garbage collector, or just col…
formatting
2462
A generic term meaning the process by which text transformed into a more meaningful or clearer output. A typical example would be the transformation of a decimal into a particular currency format with…
tree
2461
a widely-used data structure that emulates a hierarchical tree-like structure with a set of linked nodes.
io
2457
In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world, possibly a human, or another information processin…
internet-explorer-7
2453
a web browser developed by Microsoft, released October 2006 for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
network-programming
2445
Programming associated with creating and managing networks as well as adding network connectivity to a (set of) programs.
batch-file
2439
is (hopefully) solely used for Windows batch file questions.

Batch files are scripts executed by the Windows command processor (cmd.exe) or, in older times, by the DOS shell (com…
github
2433
a hosting service for software development projects that use Git for version control.
doctrine
2428
a collection of open source libraries and tools for dealing with database abstraction and Object-Relational Mapping written in PHP.
