replace
2421
the action of searching a string (the haystack) for a sub-string (the needle) and replacing it with a different string. So for example, replacing all 'l' within 'Hello' with 'y', would re…
visual-studio-2005
2416
a previous version of Microsoft's Visual Studio integrated development environment product line for .NET-based and C++ development.
refactoring
2414
a disciplined technique for restructuring an existing body of code, altering its internal structure without changing its external behavior.
web-config
2409
the main settings and configuration file for an ASP.NET web application.
datatable
2405
ambiguous. In .NET, it's a class that represents a table of in-memory data. In component based MVC frameworks like JSF and Wicket, it's an UI component that dynamically renders…
cocos2d-iphone
2399
an Objective-C port of the Cocos2D (Python) framework for building 2D games and graphical applications for iOS devices. Despite the name "cocos2d-iphone" Cocos2D supports buildin…
interop
2399
a requirement for one computer system or programming language to work with another.
installer
2396
A computer program responsible for installing other computer programs (aka software) on a system.
console
2395
A mechanism for interacting with a computer operating system or software by typing commands to perform specific tasks
seo
2391
the development of websites to aid ranking in search engines. Non-programming SEO questions should be asked on network site Pro Webmasters - http://webmasters.stackexchan…
applet
2389
Applet means 'small application'.  This has become commonly used to describe Java applets embedded in web pages.
controller
2385
Controller provides a centralized entry point for handling requests. Usually is referred as a part of Model-View-Controller design pattern.
crash
2378
the result of an unrecoverable error that causes the program to stop completely. During software development, crashes can be avoided by implementing proper error and exception handling.
foreach
2376
a looping construct that executes a given piece of code for each element in a list/collection/array.  In contrast to a normal for loop, the foreach loop doesn't require the coder to maintai…
download
2365
Receiving data to a local system from a remote system, or to initiate such a data transfer.
xsd
2358
XSD generally refers to a document written in the W3C XML Schema format, containing a description of a particular type of XML document.
uikit
2353
the object-oriented framework that is responsible for most of the iOS user interface.
nsstring
2339
the plain-text character-string class in Cocoa and Cocoa Touch. See also NSMutableString, NSData and NSMutableData (for objects that contain bytes rather than human-language characters), a…
calendar
2334
a system of reckoning time in which the beginning, length and divisions of a year are defined. The term may refer to a software class or library for the manipulation and display of calen…
treeview
2333
used to display hierarchical information.
null
2329
Null means *nothing* or *unknown* (depending on context)
google-chrome-extension
2324
dedicated to questions about extension development for the Google Chrome web browser.
interface-builder
2320
a visual design tool used to create user interfaces for Apple's Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
synchronization
2316
Synchronization refers to using controls to maintain a coherent representation, either a group of processes running the same program (process synchronization), or representations of data (data synchro…
cross-browser
2316
Cross-browser refers to the ability for a website, web application, HTML construct or client-side script to support all the web browsers.
binary
2312
a base-2 numbering system that represents values using two symbols: 0 and 1.
uiimageview
2303
An image view object provides a view-based container for displaying either a single image or for animating a series of images in iOS. For animating the images, the UIImageView class provides controls …
devise
2298
an authentication gem for Ruby-on-Rails.
svg
2297
a language used for describing two-dimensional vector graphics.
filesystems
2297
a way of organizing data on a computer system. Typically a file system consists of files, folders (normally a special kind of file) and an API that can be used for interacting with fi…
annotations
2294
In programming, annotations can be used as a special form of syntactic metadata in the source code. Classes, methods, variables, parameters and packages may be annotated.
symfony-2.0
2288
a dependency injection framework and component library written for PHP 5.3.2+ focusing on easy and fast development cycles and including state-of-the-art design patterns and programming phi…
numpy
2288
an extension to the Python programming language providing a powerful and flexible multi-dimensional array container, it is a fundamental building block for scientific and numerical computing.…
flex3
2270
a software development kit (SDK) released by Adobe Systems for the development and deployment of cross-platform rich Internet applications based on the Adobe Flash platform.
indexing
2269
general technique to improve the speed of read operations.
geolocation
2253
the identification of the real-world geographic location of an object, such as a cell phone or an Internet-connected computer terminal. Geolocation may refer to the practice of assessin…
