c#-3.0
2250
C# 3.0 ("C# Orcas") introduces several language extensions that build on C# 2.0 to support the creation and use of higher order, functional style class libraries. The extensions enable construction of…
automation
2243
the process of having a computer do a repetitive task or a task that requires great precision or multiple steps, without requiring human intervention.
float
2243
a Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) property that specifies whether a box should float to the left, right, or not at all.  For single-precision floating-point numbers (float datatype in C/C++/C#…
monotouch
2241
a software development kit for Mac OS X that lets you use C# (a .NET programming language) to create native applications for Apple iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad devices.
licensing
2238
a legal matter. Taking legal advice from programmers is like taking medical advice. The quality may vary. A software license allows the copyright holder on the source to grant sp…
include
2237
A provision that many programming languages provide to allow code (functions, classes, objects) in one file to be used in many others.
youtube
2237
a video-sharing website on which users can upload, share, and view videos.
interview-questions
2225
a form of query where the interviewer tries to produce a question that the interviewee will answer in a way that helps identify their competencies.
erlang
2223
a general-purpose programming language and runtime environment, with built-in support for concurrency, distribution and fault tolerance. Erlang is used in several large telecommunication sys…
latex
2211
a macro package implemented on Don Knuth's TeX programming language and is used primarily for creating high quality written documents. Note that http://tex.stackexchange.com is specifically d…
navigation
2204

paypal
2204
an e-commerce business allowing payments and money transfers to be made through the Internet. Developer resources are available at https://www.x.com/, API & developer support via https://www…
backbone.js
2204
a JavaScript framework that provides structure to RESTful web applications.
get
2203
one of many request methods supported by the HTTP protocol. The GET request method is used when the client needs to get data from the server as part of the request-URI.
load
2202
A measure of the amount of work a computer is performing. CPU load is closely related too, but not exactly the same as CPU utilization.
arraylist
2193
Resizable-array implementation of the List interface.
count
2191
a commonly-used SQL function that counts the number of rows
sed
2190
one of the basic tools in the POSIX environment - it processes one or more files according to an editing script and writes the results to standard output. Created i…
makefile
2189
usually an input file for the build control language/tool make.
outlook
2174
a personal information manager from Microsoft, available both as a separate application as well as a part of the Microsoft Office suite.
oracle10g
2172
an RDBMS product. Specific releases of the product are known as Oracle9i, Oracle10g and Oracle 11g. Generally there are two releases within each major version. Questions tagged [tag:oracle10…
wsdl
2164
"WSDL" stands for "Web Services Description Language." It is an XML language used to describe a web service to code that wishes to consume it. It describes the messages sent and received, the possible…
gps
2152
Global Positioning System (GPS)
django-forms
2150
Specific questions related to forms with the django web framework
cryptography
2150
the practice and study of logical means used to achieve information confidentiality, integrity and authenticity. It covers, among other things, encryption (making some data unreadable …
bluetooth
2148
a global open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances (using short wavelength radio transmissions) from fixed and mobile devices, creating personal area netw…
xml-serialization
2147
refers to serialization technologies which use XML as a data format.
django-admin
2143
Django's built-in, automatic admin interface. (django.contrib.admin)
operating-system
2142
a basic software whose rule is to intermediate software requisitions for resources and the hardware available, manage input/output, memory allocation/deallocation, file sys…
passwords
2142
primarily used as a way of accessing information and also limiting the number of users who can get access to a machine. It is primarily used with a username for the authorization system.…
entity-framework-4.1
2141
for the ADO.NET Entity Framework 4.1, the first release of EF to ship separately from the .NET framework. It builds upon the core Entity Framework included in .NET 4.0 and was released to …
controls
2137
Controls may be refer to Microsoft ActiveX controls which is a simple OLE object that supports the IUnknown interface.
grid
2134
A rectangular array of squares or rectangles of equal or different size, usually containing some form of data.
wpf-controls
2131
composite collections of other controls, and CustomControls, which are controls built with WPF styles and templates.
amazon-s3
2127
refers to the Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) Web Services from Amazon.
windows-xp
2106
an operating system that was produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers, including home and business desktops, laptops, and media centers. It was first released to computer manu…
