extension
2098
A suffix appended to the end of a filename, in order to identify the type of file. It is (typically) separated from the filename by a period symbol.
locking
2084
Locking allows different types of resources to be locked by a transaction.
camera
2082
A device that takes photos.
apple
2080
the company that manufactures Macs and iOS devices. This tag is too general to be useful on most questions; consider using tags more relevant to the OS and device/computer you're targeting.
iterator
2065
an object-oriented programming pattern which for the most part functions similarly to a pointer to an object inside a collection with the added ability to traverse through the collectio…
nginx
2062
a lightweight, high-performance Web server/reverse proxy and e-mail (IMAP/POP3) proxy, licensed under a BSD-like license.
scope
2060
an enclosing context where values and expressions are associated. Use this tag for questions about different types of scope as well for questions where scope may be unclear.
apache2
2056
a modular cross-platform web server software with a large variety of features(called modules) including SSL, compression, log, proxy and server-side programming lang…
hadoop
2050
an open-source project from Apache foundation that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing.  It includes a distributed/replicated file system, a production-quality …
httpwebrequest
2048
a class for .NET Framework applications that provides a HTTP-specific implementation of the WebRequest class.
dataset
2046
a collection of data, generally represented in tabular form, with columns signifying different variables and rows signify different members of the set.
jaxb
2041
the Java standard (JSR-222) for working with XML as domain objects.  It provides an easy to use mechanism for mapping Java classes to XML representations.  …
telerik
2037
a vendor of development, team productivity, and automated testing tools, as well as UI components and content management solutions for Microsoft .NET.
django-templates
2033
intended to separate the presentation of a document from its data
vb
2029
The Visual Basic programming language. Please use a more specific tag if you can, such as [vb6], [vba], [vbscript], or [vb.net]
uibutton
2024
An instance of the UIButton class implements a button on the iOS touch screen.
mathematica
2023
Computer algebra system and term-rewriting functional programming language from Wolfram Research. Not to be confused with "mathematics".  New dedicated Mathematica SE site:  http://mathematica.stackex…
scrolling
2023
Shifting the contents of the viewport up/down (vertical scrolling) or left/right (horizontal scrolling).
editor
2022
should be used for questions related to source code editors.
notifications
2016
A notification informs users of events that are unrelated to the current user activity. The notification could result from a user action or significant system event, or could offer potentially useful …
popup
2008
In general, popup refers to any UI artifact that floats above a window or application surface. This may include tooltips, context menus, and modal dialog windows.
spring-security
2008
Spring Security (formerly known as Acegi Security) is the Spring Framework's application security solution. Spring security can be used to secure URLs and method invocations. It is widely used to secu…
installation
1999
the deployment of an application onto a device for future execution and use.
uiimage
1999
The basic image handling class of Cocoa-Touch on iOS.
full-text-search
1994
Full text search involves searching document corpora, usually involving unstructured text, as opposed to searching text fields in a structured database.  Full text search capabilities often include ra…
mocking
1992
ways to isolate code or components to ensure that unit tests run against the testable unit of code only without actually utilizing other components or dependencies of an applica…
tdd
1984
Test Driven Development involves writing a failing set of automated tests to specify what is to be built before implementation, which prevents over-engineering. The tests are then made to pass by writ…
thread-safety
1977
programming concept applicable in the context of multi-threaded programs. A piece of code is thread-safe if it only manipulates shared data structures in a thread-safe manner, which enables safe execu…
index
1976
a data structure that facilitates a faster lookup time.
amazon-ec2
1974
a part of Amazon Web Services (AWS) and allows users to rent virtual machine instances by the hour. You can create instances, launch and manage them through a central interface, though a…
http-headers
1972
In the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP), HTTP header fields contain the operating parameters of an HTTP request or response. With the request or response line (first line of message), they form the …
user
1970
an agent, either a human agent (end-user) or software agent, who uses a computer or network service.
cocos2d
1968
a Python based open source framework for building 2D games and graphical applications for Windows, Mac and Linux desktop computers. Cocos2D is published under a BSD License.
lua
1963
a powerful, fast, lightweight, embeddable scripting language.
  
Lua combines simple procedural syntax with powerful data description constructs based on associative arrays and extensible sem…
msword
1961
a commercial word processor designed by Microsoft.
jvm
1959
A Java Virtual Machine (JVM) enables a set of computer software programs and data structures to use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts.
