twitter-api
1731
The Application Programming Interface (API) for twitter.com
cursor
1731
a control structure for traversing records in a database. Also a moving placement or pointer that indicates a position in a computer screen.
cross-platform
1723
An attribute conferred to computer software or computing methods and concepts that are implemented and inter-operate on multiple computer platforms.
numbers
1723
a mathematical object used to count and measure.
foreign-keys
1715
a field in a relational table that matches a candidate key of another table. The foreign key can be used to cross-reference tables.
workflow
1711
a model of the organization of work items
gem
1709
A Gem refers to a bundled piece of code managed with RubyGems.  Gem is also the name of the command line tool used to manage RubyGems.
initialization
1706
Initialization deals with the (often dreaded) task of initializing the contents of your data structure. It's a common practice in statically-typed languages.
jquery-validate
1706
a plugin by Jörn Zaefferer for jQuery.  Its main purpose is performing client-side and AJAX form validations.
nsmutablearray
1703
NSMutableArray represents a modifiable (mutable) array object for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch.
64bit
1698
a computer architecture with addresses and other data units 64 bits wide
amazon-web-services
1694
a collection of commercial services centered around virtualised, commodity and clustered Computing, Networking, Database and Storage and supporting tools that are offered a…
assemblies
1691
collections of compiled .Net types and resources grouped into a logical and physical unit (in the form of a .dll file or .exe file).
g++
1691
the C++ frontend to the GNU Compiler Collection (gcc). A frontend is responsible for performing lexical, syntactic, and semantic analysis, and transforms the source code into a syntax tree, whi…
webbrowser
1688
a software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web. An information resource is identified by a Uniform Resource Identifier (…
copy
1687
to create a duplicate of an object without destroying the original. Commonly seen in text editors that will let you copy some text and paste it somewhere else.
x86
1684
x86 designates a family of CPUs starting with the 8086
jni
1678
The Java Native Interface (JNI) gives both the ability for JVM implementations to run system native code, and the ability for native code to run Java code (by creating new JVM instances). The most com…
profiling
1676
the process of measuring an application or system by running an analysis tool called a profiler. Profiling tools can focus on many aspects: functions call times and count, memory usage, c…
appstore
1673
a generic term for a digital application distribution platform. However, this term is most commonly used to refer to Apple's app store for iOS or Mac.
domain
1671
A common network name under which a collection of network devices are organized (e.g., example.com). Domain names are often referred to simply as domains.
core-animation
1668
Apple's framework for performing hardware-accelerated animation of display elements on the Mac and iOS devices.  Useful references include


Core Animation Programming Guide
Animatio…
linq-to-xml
1665
LINQ-to-XML provides a SQL-like query experience for navigating, parsing, and aggregating data stored in XML documents.
hudson
1663
an extensible continuous integration server written in Java and capable of running on Linux, OS X and Windows.
udp
1662
one of the messaging protocols of the IP protocol stack.  With UDP, computer applications can send messages to other hosts on an Internet Protocol (IP) network without requir…
geometry
1661
a branch of mathematics concerned with questions of shape, size, relative position of figures, and the properties of space.
repository
1659
An object that transfers data between the business layer of an application and its data store. It appears to the developer-user as a factory that generates objects or collections in response to querie…
richfaces
1658
a component library for JSF and an advanced framework for easily integrating AJAX capabilities into business applications.
wxpython
1651
a Python wrapper for the cross-platform C++ GUI API wxWidgets.
styles
1650

c++11
1648
the name of the new C++ standard. It replaces the previous C++03 standard, adding various core language changes and fixes, and an improved and expanded standard library.
components
1645
A component in the Unified Modeling Language "represents a modular part of a system, that encapsulates its content and whose manifestation is replaceable within its environment. A component defines it…
datepicker
1643
a user interface element in many frameworks that allows a user to choose a date, often through a visual calendar.
odbc
1640
Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) provides a standard software interface for accessing database management systems (DBMS).
domain-driven-design
1638
an approach to developing software for complex needs by deeply connecting the implementation to an evolving model of the core business concepts.
schema
1630

