computer-science
976
the study of the theoretical foundations of information and computation and of practical techniques for their implementation and application in computer systems. Computer scie…
md5
975
Cryptographic hash function with a 128-bit (16-byte) hash value.
localhost
974
In computer networking, localhost (meaning this computer) is the standard hostname given to the address of the loopback network interface.
debian
974
a universal operating system composed of over 29000 free and open-source software packages. The primary form of Debian, Debian GNU/Linux, uses the Linux kernel and GNU OS tools.
cassandra
973
a highly scalable, eventually consistent, distributed, structured key-value store.
centos
971
a community-supported, mainly free software operating system based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL). It exists to provide a free enterprise class computing platform and strives to maintain…
line
967

mpmovieplayercontroller
966
A movie player (of type MPMoviePlayerController) manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream. Playback occurs in a view owned by the movie player and takes place either fullscreen …
replication
966
The use of redundant resources to improve reliability, fault-tolerance, or performance.
push-notification
966
alerts, badges, or sounds, in iOS, triggered by a message from the developer's servers to apple's servers to the iOS device. Implemented in iOS 3.0.

Push notifications on And…
ascii
966
A character-encoding scheme based on the ordering of the English alphabet.
hashtable
964
a collection that uses a hash function to map identifying values (keys) to their associated values.
mef
962
The Managed Extensibility Framework (MEF) simplifies the design of extensible and modular applications, and is a standard component of Microsoft .NET 4.0 and Silverlight 4.0
translation
962
the process of replacing strings in an application or website to make interfacing with the application or website easier for people from countries with different languages.
blogs
961
journals made of dated entries and published on the web. Their name derives from the term "web log."
moq
961
Moq (pronounced "Mock-you" or just "Mock") is a mocking framework for .NET build using the language features of C# 3 and the .NET 3.5 platform.
http-post
960
one of many request methods supported by the HTTP protocol used by the World Wide Web.
release
959

jframe
958
a GUI element in Java Swing.
call
958

pattern
957
reusable solutions to commonly occurring problems in software engineering.
repeater
956
used to display a repeated list of items that are bound to the control.
decimal
956
the name for our common base-ten counting system. It may also refer to non-integer values expressed with a decimal point.
cruisecontrol.net
955
a .Net-based framework for a continuous build process. It includes, but is not limited to, plugins for email notification, Ant, and various source control tools.
toggle
955
to switch it to it's opposite state. If it is on, switch it off; if it is off, switch it on. In a desktop or web user interface, a toggle may be clickable switch or but…
html-lists
955
Used for ordered and unordered lists and their list items in HTML, and also any list styles applied to them.
mouseevent
949
A general tag for user-interface events that are generated by the mouse. This includes pressing/releasing a button, clicking (including double/triple-clicks), moving, dragging, etc.
teamcity
949
a Java-based build management and continuous integration server from JetBrains.
http-status-code-404
948
a HTTP standard response code indicating that the client was able to communicate with the server, but the server could not find what was requested.
viewmodel
947

pygtk
946
the Python binding for the GTK widget library.
ajaxcontroltoolkit
945
an open-source project built on top of the Microsoft ASP.NET AJAX framework.
context
945

browser-compatibility
944
an important consideration when deciding which browser features to use in a site. It is important to determine which browsers and versions you need to support, …
sum
944

emulator
943
a system which is designed to perform the duties of a different system.
