monitoring
910
the act of looking on the processes or systems for performance, supervision and surveillance.
itunes
910
Apple's proprietary digital media player application.
iteration
909
Iteration means the act of repeating a process usually with the aim of approaching a desired goal or target or result.
storyboard
907
Is a class used by WPF and Silverlight to control animations, or a new iOS 5 scheme for managing view controller navigation
versioning
906
the process of assigning either unique version names or unique version numbers to unique states of computer software. Within a given version number category (major, minor), thes…
bugs
905
a software or hardware error / mistake that produces an incorrect or unexpected result or behavior.
wordpress-theming
902
Fundamentally, the WordPress Theme system is a way to "skin" your weblog.
blob
900
a collection of binary data stored as a single entity in a database management system.
innodb
900
an ACID-compliant transactional storage engine for MySQL that uses multiversion concurrency control (MVCC).
image-manipulation
898
the term used to describe various operations applied to images such as resizing, removing noise, alteration of colour depth.
greasemonkey
898
a Firefox extensions that allows you to enhance the way you view web content by attaching Javascript code to websites.
console-application
898
a computer program designed to be used via a text-only computer interface, such as a text terminal, the command line interface of some operating systems (Unix, DOS, etc.) or t…
delphi-7
898
one of the most popular and widely used version of Delphi. It is a very capable and stable release that is still widely used today for Windows-based Object Orient…
javabeans
895
a custom class which often represents real-world data and encapsulates private properties by public getter and setter methods. For example, User, Product, Order, etc.
real-time
892
*real-time* when the *timeliness* of the activities' completion is a functional requirement and correctness condition, rather than merely a performance metric.  A real-time system is one whe…
ocaml
891
a strict strongly-typed functional programming language, focusing on expressivity, correctness and efficiency.
fork
889
the POSIX way of creating a new process by duplicating the calling process.
common-lisp
889
ANSI Common Lisp, the programmable programming language.
three20
889
an open-source Objective-C library originally created at Facebook, that provides a number of features for people writing iOS (iPhone/iPad) applications.
folder
886
a virtual container within a digital file system, in which groups of computer files and other folders can be kept and organized.
enterprise-library
883
a collection of application blocks and core infrastructure designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges such as logging, validation, data…
type-conversion
881
the way of implicitly or explicitly changing an entity of one data type into another. This is done to take advantage of certain features of type hierarchies or type representations.
element
880

expression
880

ironpython
879
an open-source implementation of the Python programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework. IronPython can use the .NET Framework and Python libraries, and othe…
union
878
a keyword of the SQL language for combining the results of multiple SQL's. The  UNION synatx combines all the results without checking for Uniqueness. The related tag is UNION-All. The UNION …
antlr
878
ANTLR, ANother Tool for Language Recognition, is a language tool that provides a framework for constructing recognizers, interpreters, compilers, and translators from grammatical descriptions containi…
moss
877
Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (previously known as Microsoft Office SharePoint Server, or MOSS) is a member of Microsoft's SharePoint server product family.
solaris
871
a Unix operating system originally developed by Sun Microsystems. Oracle Solaris, as it is now known, has been owned by Oracle Corporation since Oracle's acquisition of Sun in January 2010.…
source
870

dynamics-crm
870
a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft. It has built in support for Sales, Marketing and Service. It can be used as an xRM p…
axis2
870
A Web Services/SOAP/WSDL framework supported by the Apache Software Foundation
drupal-views
869
a third-party module used to display information in a customized way, on a Drupal site.
web-crawler
869
a computer program that browses the World Wide Web in a methodical, automated manner or in an orderly fashion. Other terms for Web crawlers are ants, automatic indexers, bots, Web spi…
plone
868
a content management system (CMS) written in Python. Its strengths lie in intranets, websites and document management. It has robust support for multilingual content, versioning and is easy t…
z-index
868
a CSS property that sets the stack order of specific elements. An element with greater stack order is always in front of another element with lower stack order.
