windows-server-2003
786
Windows Server 2003 (sometimes referred to as Win2K3) is a server operating system produced by Microsoft, introduced on 24 April 2003. An updated version, Windows Server 2003 R2, was released to manuf…
unique
786

whitespace
785
often used to refer to any combination of spaces, tabs, and new lines which create blank space between text, either horizontally or vertically.
response
785

mxml
784
an XML-based declarative language similar to CFML
modal
782

return-value
782
the result of evaluation of a return statement.
default
782

inline
781
In various versions of the C and C++ programming languages, an inline function is a function upon which the compiler has been requested to perform inline expansion. In other words, the programmer has …
honeycomb
780
the codename for version 3.0+ of the Android OS.
visualization
780
any technique for creating images, diagrams, or animations to communicate a message.
poco
779
Means Plain Old CLR Object, a simple object that does not follow any object model, convention or famework.
binary-trees
778
a tree data structure in which each node has at most two child nodes, left and right. Nodes with children are parent nodes and the node without a parent is the root node.
linq-to-objects
777
a version of the Linq query engine for in-memory object collections. You use Linq to Objects to query a list of objects based on their properties.
gis
777
A geographic information system (GIS), geographical information system, or geospatial information system is any system that captures, stores, analyzes, manages, and presents data that are linked to lo…
wrapper
776
An OOP technique where an object encapsulates (wraps) another object, hiding/protecting the object and controlling all access to it.
executable
774
An executable file causes a computer "to perform indicated tasks according to encoded instructions," as opposed to a data file that must be parsed by a program to be meaningful.
git-svn
774
a bidirectional bridge between Git and SVN.
overloading
774
The terms overloading and overloaded may refer to:

  - Constructor and method overloading, a type of polymorphism where different functions with the same name are invoked based on the data types of…
background-image
773

msmq
772
a message queuing implementation developed by Microsoft and deployed as part of its Windows platform since 1996. MSMQ is included on most versions of Windows but it…
reportviewer
772
Microsoft Report Viewer control enables applications that run on the .NET Framework to display reports designed using Microsoft reporting technology.
manifest
772
a file containing metadata about an application, data file or assembly.
implementation
771
a realization of a technical specification or algorithm as a program, software component, or other computer system through programming and deployment.
flex4.5
771
an iteration of the ActionScript and MXML based RIA SDK that focused on expanding support for mobile / tablet platforms
bundler
771
a system that attempts to manage a ruby application's gem dependencies across multiple developers and environments.
customization
771

class-design
771

windows-phone-7.1
771
the version number of the OS and developer SDK for Windows Phone "Codename Mango". Phones running this operating system are marketed as being "Windows Phone 7.5".
external
769

document
768
Is a term that in computer science can refer to various file types containing information usually readable by a human.
webclient
768
a class for .NET Framework 4 applications that provides methods for sending and receiving data from a resource identified by a URI.
social-networking
765
a social structure made up of individuals (or organizations) called "nodes", which are tied (connected) by one or more specific types of interdependency, such as friendship, kinshi…
parameter-passing
764
the process of assigning values to the parameters of a function
sencha
763
a company specializing in web application frameworks, most importantly ExtJS and Sencha Touch. Sencha was originally formed when open source projects Ext JS, jQTouch, and Raphaël joined forc…
youtube-api
763
The YouTube APIs and Tools enable you to integrate YouTube's video content and functionality into your website, software application, or device.
