mutex
722
a mechanism to ensure integrity when the same data or resource is accessed (in particular, changed) concurrently from several threads.
Usually when the term mutex is u…
admob
722
a mobile advertising company owned by Google which lets developers monetize their applications by "renting" screen real-estate to display ads.
asp.net-4.0
721
refers to the version 4.0 of the ASP.NET web application framework introduced with the .NET Framework 4.
clipboard
721
a software facility that can be used for short-term data storage and/or data transfer between documents or applications, via copy and paste operations.
vmware
720
a brand of virtual machine software that provides a virtualized set of hardware to the guest operating system.
frame
720

adapter
720
a software design pattern that makes several interfaces compatible through a common interface or class.
parent-child
719

wamp
718
WAMP refers to a style of web development utilizing Windows, Apache Web Server, MySQL database, and the PHP programming language. Compare with LAMP.
directshow
718
a software framework or API created by Microsoft to process media files and streams.
textmate
717
a text editor for Mac OS X.
compatibility
717
should be used to identify questions regarding compatibility issues, for example between different versions of the same software product or, development kit or library.
boost-asio
717
Most programs interact with the outside world in some way, whether it be via a file, a network, a serial cable, or the console. Sometimes, as is the case with networking, individual I/O operations can…
reverse-engineering
717
the process of discovering the technological principles of a human made device, object or system through analysis of its structure, function and operation.
sphinx
716
a free software search engine for indexing database content. NOTE: For the Python documentation tool, use the [python-sphinx] tag.
generator
715

distinct
714

android-webview
714
Part of the android API. A View that displays web pages. This class is the basis upon which you can roll your own web browser or simply display some online content within your Activity.
datatables
713
a plug-in for the jQuery Javascript library. It is a highly flexible tool, based upon the foundations of progressive enhancement, which will add advanced interaction controls to any HTML…
go
713
a general-purpose programming language designed by Google.
glsl
712
the standard programming language for shaders in OpenGL. There are many versions of the language, with each version corresponding to a version of OpenGL. GLSL is …
socket.io
710
Socket.io allows you to establish a realtime connection with a server, hiding the complexity of the different transports (WebSocket, Flash, forever iframe, XHR long polling, XHR multipart encoded, etc…
yaml
710
a human friendly data serialization standard for all programming languages.
career-development
709
off-topic for Stack Overflow.
notepad++
709
a free and open source text editor for Windows. It is designed as a replacement for the built-in Notepad application.
live
708

threadpool
708
Pooling resources in given limits and automatically assign task to open workers.
device
708

multiple
707
Please USE A MORE SPECIFIC TAG, such as [multiple-inheritance] or [multiple-dispatch].
group
705

inputstream
704

patterns
704

sql-server-express
703
a freely downloadable and distributable version of Microsoft's SQL Server relational database management system. It is targeted for embedded and smaller-scale applicati…
mime-types
702
A MIME type after MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) is a two-part identifier for file formats on the Internet.
distribution
702

calayer
702
a Core Animation class in the Quartz Core framework. It encapsulates the position, size, and transform of a layer, which defines its coordinate system.
