jsp
9215
a Java based view technology running on the server machine which allows you to write template text in (the client side languages like HTML, CSS, JavaScript and so on) and int…
templates
9198
is used in multiple contexts: generic programming (especially C++), and data/document generation using template engines.
codeigniter
9173
an open-source PHP web development framework created by EllisLab Inc. The framework implements the Model-View-Controller design pattern. It is praised for its performance and the qualit…
uitableview
8916
a means for displaying and editing hierarchical lists of information on iOS.
postgresql
8780
a powerful, open source object-relational database system. Open source since 1996, it has a proven architecture that has earned it a strong reputation for reliability, data integrity, an…
linq-to-sql
8739
a component of .NET Framework version 3.5 that provides a run-time infrastructure for managing relational data as objects.
drupal
8714
an open source CMS framework written in PHP. Rather than using this tag, consider posting your question directly on http://drupal.stackexchange.com/ instead.
xaml
8613
Extensible Application Markup Language (XAML) is an XML language used for defining user interfaces in WPF and Silverlight
design
8517
the act of making particular choices about how best to structure a program, to achieve goals of reliability, maintainability, correctness or ease of use.
shell
8413
The term 'shell' refers to a general class of text-based command interpreters most often associated with the Unix & Linux operating systems.
firefox
8376
A free and open source web browser created by Mozilla.
visual-c++
8368
a C and C++ compiler for Windows. The most recent version of the compiler is Visual C++ 2010, which is available in both commercial editions and in a free Express Edition.

T…
google-maps
8343
Google Maps family of APIs let you embed the functionality of Google Maps into your own website and applications.
session
8335
A Session refers to all the requests that a single client makes to a server. A session is specific to the user and for each user a new session is created to track all the request from that user.
url
8266
a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) that specifies where an identified resource is available and the mechanism for retrieving it.
scala
8255
a general purpose programming language principally targeting the Java Virtual Machine. Designed to express common programming patterns in a concise, elegant, and type-safe way, it fuses both …
generics
8239
a style of computer programming in which algorithms are written in terms of to-be-specified-later types that are then instantiated when needed for specific types provided as par…
matlab
8205
a high-level language and interactive programming environment developed by MathWorks. It is the foundation for a number of other tools, including Simulink and various toolboxes that extend t…
exception
8036
a rarely occurring (exceptional!) condition that requires deviation from the program's normal flow. Normally, an exception should not result in total failure, but instead be attended b…
design-patterns
8011
a general reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem in software design.
gui
8009
Graphical User Interface development for applications or web sites.  This tag should usually be combined with other tags specifying the programming language, platform or framework, if applicable.
jsf
7985
a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create web applications.

Using the standard components and render kit, stateful HTML views can be defined using JSP or F…
cakephp
7880
a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications. It uses commonly known design patterns like MVC and O…
listview
7855
a graphical screen control or widget provided by UI libraries in most modern operating systems.
iis
7850
a web server and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows.
gwt
7803
a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications. Its goal is to enable productive development of high-performance web applications with…
unix
7774
a general purpose OS that was developed by Bell Labs in the late 1960s and today exists in various versions. It is known for its large collection of simple command-line ut…
asp.net-mvc-2
7768
the second major version of the ASP.net MVC platform, it has since been outdated by ASP.NET MVC 3.
math
7745
the study of quantity, structure, space, and change.  Any math questions on this site should be programming related.
caching
7741
Transparently store data to improve response time
database-design
7681
the process of specifying the logical and/or physical parts of a database. The goal of database design is to make a representation of some "universe of discourse" - the types of fac…
ms-access
7626
a rapid application database development and reporting tool.
table
7547
used to display tabular data in HTML.  In an RDMS, tables contain multiple columns that represent a particular set of data.
xslt
7501
a transformation language for XML. Its primary function is to transform XML documents into different output formats, commonly other XML, HTML or plain text.
testing
7493
any activity aimed at evaluating an attribute or capability of a program or system and determining that it meets its required results.
dom
7453
The Document Object Model - specifically, the XML / HTML document object model. Use this tag on questions regarding the interaction of other languages with such markup via these models. Do not use it …
