delay
647

connection-pooling
646
In software engineering, a connection pool is a cache of database connections maintained so that the connections can be reused when future requests to the database are required.
global
645

pear
645
a repository of PHP software code.
sprite
644
a two-dimensional image or animation that is integrated into a larger scene.
captcha
644
an acronym for "Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart". Captcha is a type of challenge-response test used in computing as an attempt to ensure that the …
colorbox
643
A light-weight, customizable lightbox plugin for jQuery 1.3 through 1.6
clearcase
643
a commercial CVCS (Centralized Version Control System), with:

Decentralized option: ClearCase Multi-Site, with Vobs (Version Object Base) replication
Network access to versioned data:…
div-layouts
641

mediawiki
641
a free software wiki package written in PHP, originally for use on Wikipedia. It is now used by several other projects of the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation and by many other wikis.
feed
640
a data format used for providing users with frequently updated content.
content-type
640
The Content-Type entity-header field indicates the media type of the entity-body sent to the recipient or, in the case of the HEAD method, the media type that would have been sent had the request been…
case
640

string-formatting
639
Commonly refers to a number of methods to display an arbitrary number of varied data types into a string.
add
639

mvp
639
a derivative of the model-view-controller software pattern, used mostly for building user interfaces.
projects-and-solutions
637
Some IDEs organize code and resources into projects and solutions, usually in a directory-based hierarchy. This can also be done manually.
umbraco
637
an open source .NET based content management system. It is released under the MIT licence and powers a number of high profile sites, most notably Microsoft's own www.asp.net website.
wcf-security
637

uigesturerecognizer
636
an abstract base class for concrete gesture-recognizer classes. A gesture-recognizer object (or, simply, a gesture recognizer) decouples the logic for recognizing a gesture and …
settimeout
636
a global JavaScript method, used to execute a particular function or piece of code after a given delay.
mpi
635
the Message Passing Interface, a library for distributed memory parallel programming and the de facto standard method for using distributed memory clusters for high-performance technical comput…
jax-rs
635
JAX-RS: Java API for RESTful Web Services is an API that provides support in creating web services according to the REST architectural style.
wcf-binding
635

axis
634

cli
634
a mechanism for interacting with a computer operating system or software by typing commands to perform specific tasks.
configuration-files
633

task-parallel-library
633
part of .NET 4. It is a set of APIs to enable developers to program multicore shared memory processors.
toolbar
632
is for issues relating to the configuration, design, and use of toolbars.
undefined
632

ireport
631
a graphical user interface that allows developers to create pixel-perfect reports. iReport is sometimes erroneously confused with JasperReports, as they are closely-related technologies. To…
ocr
631
Optical character recognition
pipes
630
a method of redirecting output of one program into input of another program.
mechanize
630
A library for automated web browsing originally developed for Perl, there are now also Python and Ruby implementations.
sass
629
a CSS preprocessor written in Ruby. It's translated to well-formatted, standard CSS using the command line tool, a filesystem watcher or a web-framework plu…
task
629
a concurrent thread of execution in an Ada program. Tasks correspond to Threads in Java.
