openxml
628
Questions regarding reading and writing of Microsoft Office Open XML files either through direct manipulation of the xml files contained in a zip package or through the Microsoft Office Open XML SDK.
mouseover
628
is for issues relating to raising and handling mouseover events.
sax
626
an event-based way of reading XML data from a document.
eclipse-cdt
626
A C/C++ IDE built on top of Eclipse.
font-face
626
a CSS rule that allows the definition of embedded fonts within a webpage.
tracking
626

urllib2
626
a python module that defines functions and classes to help with URL actions (basic and digest authentication, redirections, cookies, etc)
character
624

local
624

filestream
623

variable-assignment
623
A process of setting or re-setting the value stored in the storage location(s) denoted by a variable name.
store
622
a data repository of a set of integrated objects. These objects are modeled using classes defined in database schemas. Data store includes not only data repositories like databases, it is a…
d
622
a systems programming language developed by Walter Bright. Its focus is on combining the power and high performance of C and C++ with the programmer productivity of modern languages like Ruby and…
daemon
621
Discussions on background processes, programs or tasks running in the background on multi-tasking operating systems, often refereed to daemon processes.
jquery-events
620
jQuery supports several methods for implementing JavaScript events
scale
620
is mostly used for questions that relate to proportional resizing of images or UI elements.
sequence
620
an ordered list of objects (or events). Like a set, it contains members (also called elements or terms), and the number of terms (possibly infinite) is called the length of the sequence. …
opencl
619
a framework for writing programs that execute across heterogeneous platforms consisting of CPUs, GPUs, and other processors.
preferences
619

flexbuilder
619
the former name of Adobe Flash Builder.
destructor
616
a method in object-oriented programming which is invoked when an object is destroyed
el
615
EL (Expression Language) enables the dynamic resolution of Java objects and methods in JSP and Facelets pages. EL expressions take the form of ${foo} and #{bar}.
inno-setup
614
a tool to create setup programs with an embedded Pascal-derived scripting language.
physics
614
a science that studies the interactions of energy and matter. Questions with this tag concern the simulation or implementation of physical concepts in programming.
processes
614
instance of a computer program being executed in the context of an operating system
uisearchbar
614
An apple class that implements a text field control for text-based searches
gpl
613
The most widely used free software license, originally written by Richard Stallman for the GNU project.
equals
612

instruments
612
Instruments usually refers to the performance analysis developer tool provided by Apple for Mac and iOS development.
rpc
612
an approach to interprocessor or distributed communication wherein a set of services or procedures are exposed to remote clients.  RPC is both a general concept for inte…
powershell-v2.0
612
For base level PowerShell information see the PowerShell tag wiki.

Description of PowerShell-v2.0

Windows PowerShell 2.0 shipped with the releases of Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2.  The major…
uipopovercontroller
612
used in iOS to manage the presentation of content in a popover.
nservicebus
611
a highly pluggable, reliable, open source Enterprise Service Bus built on .NET.
lift
610
An open source web application framework written in Scala
unmanaged
610

load-balancing
609
used to describe technology that is used to evenly distribute work across multiple nodes within a network.
