fql
609
Facebook Query Language, or FQL, enables you to use a SQL-style interface to query the data exposed by the Graph API.
self-improvement
608
does NOT belong on real concrete programming questions, where Stack Overflow is all about. Other kinds of questions are off-topic and likely to be closed. If you can writ…
user-input
608
data that the user inputs into the program.  It generally takes the form of a String, but may also be an integer, floating-point number, etc.
httphandler
607
classes that implement the IHttpHandler and IHttpAsyncHandler interfaces. This section describes how to create and register HttpHandlers and provides examples of a synchronous handler…
photo
606

payment-gateway
605
A service for authorizing payments for an e-commerce website, an online retailer or a traditional business.Payment gateways usually employ security mechanisms to pass the payment related information f…
html5-canvas
605
part of HTML5 and allows for dynamic, scriptable rendering of 2D shapes and bitmap images. It is a low level, procedural model that updates a bitmap and does not have a built-in …
input-validation
604
the process of ensuring that a program operates on clean, correct and useful data.
javascript-library
604
a library of pre-written JavaScript which allows for easier development of JavaScript-based applications, especially for AJAX and other web-centric technologies.
dates
603

apache-poi
602
a Java library for reading and writing various Microsoft file formats, especially Office related ones, based on OLE2 and OOXML, such as XLS and DOCX.
monodroid
601
an implementation of Mono that runs on the Android platform, allowing you to write Android applications in C# using native Android libraries as well as using the .NET BCL (Base Cla…
sitemap
601
a list of pages of a web site accessible to crawlers and users.
oauth-2.0
599
an open protocol to allow secure API authorization in a simple and standard method from desktop and web applications.

OAuth 2.0 is the second version of the OAuth prot…
nstableview
599
an Apple object that displays data for a set of related records, with rows representing individual records and columns representing the attributes of those records
twitter-bootstrap
599
a toolkit from Twitter designed to kickstart development of webapps and sites. Among other things, it includes base CSS and HTML for typography, forms, buttons, tables, grids, and navigat…
code-first
599
a software implementation approach that favors programming against an API over other approaches that may rely more heavily on visual tools or require the presence of some external source…
textfield
598

odata
598
a Web protocol for querying and updating data. It enables rich relational data that is accessible from nearly any platform by using web standards such as REST, AtomPu…
datacontext
596
used in WPF, Silverlight and various other .NET technologies. When used with WPF or Silverlight, a DataContext is an object holding the data that the form (or page in case of Silverli…
flash-cs4
595

drag
595

guice
594
Google's lightweight dependency injection framework for Java 5 and above.
portlet
594
Java-technology-based web component, managed by a portlet container that processes requests and generates dynamic content.
config
594

data.frame
593
one of the basic data structures in the [tag:r] language.  Data frames are lists of variables each with the same number of rows, similar to a table in a data base.  Unlike matrices in …
wildcard
593
any character that can be used to substitute for any other character or characters in a string.
expression-trees
593
an abstract representation of code in a tree structure where each node of the tree represents a programming construct (conditional, assignment, method call, etc.)
exe
592
a common filename extension for an executable file (a program) in Microsoft Windows and other operating systems (e.g. DOS, OpenVMS, Symbian, and OS/2).
lxml
592
a full-featured, high performance Python library for processing XML and HTML.
openmp
592
a crossplatform multi-threading API which allows fine-grained task parallelization and synchronization using special compiler directives. OpenMP offers easy access to multithreading without …
nsdata
592
an apple class for holding generic data. Often used when reading/writing from and to files, and the internet.
quartz-scheduler
592
a Java-based open-source job scheduling service.
accelerometer
592
a device that measures the proper acceleration of the device.
delphi-xe
591
a specific version of Delphi. Delphi XE was released in August 2010, and is available as a standalone product or as part of RAD Studio XE.
texture
591

