p2p
562
Peer-to-peer (P2P) computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers.
lamp
562
LAMP refers to a stack of web technologies based on Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP/Perl/Python.
jackson
561
Jackson JSON processor, a Java library for handling JSON tasks like reading and writing (parsing / generating) and data binding to/from Java objects.
alert
561
usually a notification message to draw one's attention.
photoshop
561
an Adobe product that is the industry standard for creating, modifying, and treating images and graphics. It has plug-ins and scripts that can be installed in order to automate and add fu…
dvcs
560
DVCS stands for Distributed Version Control System.
infopath
560
a component of the Microsoft Office Suite of applications that allows for the creation of XML based form templates and the collection of structured data.
margin
559

parallel-programming
559
The simultaneous use of more than one CPU or processor core to programmatically execute a program or multiple computational threads.
arduino
559
an open-source electronics prototyping platform.
immutable
558
the inability to modify the state of an object after it has been created.
interpreter
558
a program that executes, i.e. performs, instructions written in a programming language. The tag [interpreter] should be applied to questions concerning the programming of interpreter…
mysqldump
557
A command-line interface for administrators or end users to export data from the server to files
pydev
557
an Eclipse plugin for Python development.
system.reactive
557
System.Reactive refers to the Reactive Extensions for .NET, also known as Rx, but it more specifically refers to the use of the System.Reactive.dll assembly, which is part of Rx.  System.Reactive prov…
t4
556
T4 stands for Text Template Transformation Toolkit and is Microsoft's template based text generation framework included with Visual Studio.
shopping-cart
556
Shopping cart systems for e-businesses such as online shops.
semantic
555
Specifying a meaning
stack-trace
555
A report of the active stack frames at a certain point in time during the execution of a program.
pygame
555
a portable Python package for video games, built on SDL.
declaration
555

productivity
554
a measure of output from a production process, per unit of input.
web-hosting
554

highcharts
553
a Javascript charting library that uses HTML, SVG, and VML. The editor offers both Open Source/Non profit and commercial editions of the product.
deserialization
552

markdown
551
a lightweight markup language.
libcurl
550
a multiprotocol file transfer library
barcode
550
should be used for questions on how to generate, decode, or use barcodes in programs.
pythonic
549
a description of the most idiomatic Python code. Not only does this mean that the code is easy to understand for other programmers, but it is also very often the most efficient way to use …
html-agility-pack
546
an open-source HTML parser that builds a read/write DOM and supports plain XPATH or XSLT.
sortable
545
A jQuery UI framework plugin which allows a developer to create a group of sortable blocks, which can be dragged and reordered by mouse.
show
544

rdlc
544
Client Report Definition files
publish
542

protocol-buffers
542
a way of encoding structured data in an efficient yet extensible format. Google uses Protocol Buffers for almost all of its internal RPC protocols and file formats.
mips
542
a RISC instruction set architecture (ISA).  It is commonly used in embedded devices such as set top boxes and networking gear. Many university-level computer architecture classes use the MIPS …
