search
7443
used to look through a body of data, usually text, to find particular results that match some set of criteria.
datetime
7355
a structure in .net that "represents an instant in time, typically expressed as a date and time of day." In Joda-Time, a popular Java library, DateTime is a class serving similar purpose. …
authentication
7342
commonly understood as the act of asserting a user's or entity's identity, although in the wider sense it can refer to asserting the truthfulness of any kind of claim. Authentication…
java-ee
7237
a specification defining a collection of Java-based technologies and how they interoperate. Java EE specifies server and client architectures and uses profiles to …
vba
7234
an event-driven programming language which was first introduced by Microsoft in 1993 to give Excel 5.0 a more robust object-oriented language for writing macros …
variables
7223
a named, data storage location in memory. The program can store numbers, text, binary data, or a combination of any of these data types inside a variable. They can be passed around in co…
rest
7200
a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web.
sorting
7194
for sorting algorithms and related questions.
networking
7108
A computer network allows sharing of resources and information among interconnected devices.
c#-4.0
7081
C# 4.0 introduces features like dynamic objects, plinq, and optional and named parameters.  There are also improvements in the area of COM interoperability.  Use this tag if your question specifically…
magento
7058
an e-commerce platform written in PHP atop the Zend framework, available under both open-source and commercial licenses. It is written in an Enterprise Java idiom that uses the MVC pattern,…
node.js
7008
an event based, asynchronous I/O framework that uses Google's V8 JavaScript engine. Node.js is commonly used for heavy client-server JavaScript applications. NOTE: Please read the Tag-Wiki …
optimization
6966
the act of improving a method or design. In programming, optimization usually takes the form of increasing the speed of an algorithm, or reducing the resources it requires.
google-chrome
6950
a web browser developed by Google that uses the WebKit layout engine and application framework.
pdf
6924
an open standard for document exchange created by Adobe Systems.
iphone-sdk-4.0
6916
Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.0.
google
6900
for programming questions related to Google's API's
tomcat
6896
one of the most popular open source servlet containers developed by the Apache Software Foundation (ASF).
web-applications
6885
applications that are accessed over the "web", which can mean the Internet, or an internal network (an intranet).
data-binding
6834
A general technique that binds two data/information sources together and maintains them in sync.
jquery-ajax
6729
jQuery JavaScript Library suite for AJAX requests. A full set of functions that allows to load data from the server using asynchronous HTTP requests, without a browser page refresh.
game-development
6692
Programming of games or game-like software. This includes 3D console games, 2D phone apps and text-based web games, but should be used when the question has a particular relevance to games.
core-data
6638
Apple's object-persistence framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch. In an application that uses Core Data, objects managed by Core Data  are the model section, following the model/view/contro…
memory
6628
for memory issues in programming.  For installing memory, etc. see ServerFault.com or SuperUser.com
server
6622
A computer program running as a service, a physical computer dedicated to running one or more such services or a software/hardware system such as a database server, file server, mail server, or print …
inheritance
6605
the system in object oriented programming that allows objects to support operations defined by anterior types without having to provide their own definition. It is the major vector for …
facebook-graph-api
6599
a programming interface for popular languages like PHP, ActionScript, JavaScript etc. provided by the Facebook platform to interact with Facebook's social graph. This includes Fa…
opengl
6526
a graphics standard and API which targets the desktop and workstation markets. It is designed to be easy to accelerate with dedicated computer hardware, and hence most implementations give g…
audio
6522
programming audio hardware, and the various audio formats or containers
mongodb
6484
a scalable, high-performance, open source, document-oriented database.  It supports a large number of languages and application development platforms.
grails
6470
a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java. The framework is oriented around high-productivity application development, and uses common Java technologies such as Hibernate and Spr…
mod-rewrite
6437
URL rewriting module for the Apache web server. It is commonly used for so-called "pretty" URLs because of its ability to redirect on the server side (transparent to clients and their browsers), but a…
object
6405
any entity that can be manipulated by commands in a programming language. An object can be a value, a variable, a function, or a complex data-structure. In object-oriented programming, an…
date
6403
a particular point or period of time at which an event occurs, or is expected to.
activerecord
6370
a pattern for accessing rows of a database. It also refers to the Ruby library of the same name which is part of the Ruby on Rails framework.
serialization
6338
the process by which an object is converted into a format that can be stored and later retrieved.
